the king's friends here that I speak from the north
bringing you here another map of
coconut is a galera and today I'm here
inscribed on the map called the street
forest must be the map and scary at
program and I just came here customers
to help me in this adventure that has
a mixture of terror and we'll see what
we have here I have a hello the sound does not
let's go through a forest said
this was the forest is haunted
so come on let's see in my car
my car here but I think we
must move on
walking alone and look at the
enrolled fumagalli was let's go let's go
There guys are coming, beauty is the
car it's not stopped then we
follow the same path and let's see the
what we have there in front
she's the one with an echo next to him
hodgson said the following look at a house
let's go there we have this ter
he killed here this killing a
bathroom and another dead and has a gun
what to score on the couch
um who is this this weapon
criminal right
Let's see there is a transport will be
We have to go there, we have to go.
here or not I think we should
there is not no here guys there is one
Hidden portal hitherto I asked you to go
straight here then
So you playing this map?
then it 's the registration link
You will see there that it is only
car that's where you come from
there he took the gun you took my
gun flee for us he hit the car at
do not hit the car, I'll go and buy it
other
Lol expensive guy and I want to buy a
car can choose let's choose then
This handsome one but I do not like much
blue or this one and I like it
golden as today is also handsome looks
that
damn this one is that here bought
new car and now I'm going to take care
not to beat is one day you hit the
our car was startled by the guy is the
again we'll have to go on
haunted forest
Come on, the forest is right over there.
an eye he has a face head on
of the post
Our Lady Forest
not an engine stopped working and I
have to walk, but then take the
car back to a new car for the
tourism
eita Piula portal
today, the portal, his father is good.
I will take
You who think I could not pass and saw
the hour stuffs and killed john
When he spoke I was able to pass and
see a few things flowers to him
What do you think killed the girl and died?
now the revenge of pain of a part 2 a
1 there is thiago and maria were girlfriends and
to pass near a graveyard
see strange things
What will happen there? Let's see.
pick up the gun in the corner there's a zombie
then look at jong il sung jung maria o
bone of a tomaria you will see your
son
Your zoom bi what are you going to do ?
talk die and one died
If my love can not live, neither can I.
I can and if I killed, I committed suicide
John is a zombie who will never die
careful he can kill you when
are alone
I liked it a good story
interesting and ended up following a
cool story but curtinha
creativity is a very cool thing in the
and I really enjoyed the history of
your creativity you thought of those
Details
I thought it was cool because this is the
has a lot of creative people and
guys are very cool there neither
congratulations congratulations to all of you
that creates the maps and then sends me is
This is what I hope you enjoyed.
Do you like to leave a time link there?
of that strength in the canal and do not forget to
Follow me on Twitter
because you will get all 30
channel news
if you want me to tell you hone
attentive to facebook and twitter
because I'll let you know when I'll come in
to record and so add and you guys
by map beauty
many thanks to all and I will stay for
here until the next then ii spoke '